# privacy-policy
SkyGif privacy-policy
This application respects and protects the privacy of all users who use the service. In order to provide you with more accurate and personalized services, this application will use and disclose your personal information in accordance with the provisions of this privacy policy. However, this application will treat this information with a high degree of diligence and prudence. Except as otherwise provided in this privacy policy, the application will not disclose or provide such information to third parties without your prior permission. This application will update this privacy policy from time to time. When you agree to this application service usage agreement, you are deemed to have agreed to the full content of this privacy policy. This privacy policy is an integral part of this application service usage agreement. 1. Scope of application (a) When you register this application account, you provide personal registration information according to the requirements of this application; (b) When you use this application network service or visit the web page of this application platform, this application automatically receives and records information on your browser and computer, including but not limited to your IP address and browse. The type of the device, the language used, the date and time of access, the information of hardware and software features and the web page records you need; (c) The personal data of the user obtained by the application from the business partners through legal channels. You understand and agree that the following information does not apply to this privacy policy: (a) the keyword information you enter when using the search services provided by this application platform; (b) the relevant information and data collected by this application that you publish in this application, including but not limited to participatory activities, transaction information and evaluation details; (c) violation of the law. Determine or violate the application rules and the measures taken by the application to you. 2. Information Use (a) The application will not provide, sell, rent, share or trade your personal information to any unrelated third party unless you have prior permission or the third party and the application (including its affiliates) provide services to you individually or jointly, and will be prohibited from accessing packages after the end of the service. Include all the information it has previously been able to access. (b) This application also does not allow any third party to collect, edit, sell or disseminate your personal information free of charge by any means. If any user of this application platform engages in the above activities, the application has the right to terminate the service agreement with that user immediately upon discovery. (c) For the purpose of serving users, the application may use your personal information to provide you with information of interest, including, but not limited to, products and services, or to share information with the application partners so that they can send you information about their products and services (the latter requires your prior agreement). I mean. 3. Information disclosure: This application will disclose all or part of your personal information in accordance with your personal wishes or legal provisions: (a) with your prior consent to disclose to third parties; (b) in order to provide the products and services you require, you must share your personal information with third parties; (c) in accordance with the law. Provisions, or requirements of administrative or judicial organs, shall be disclosed to third parties or administrative or judicial organs; (d) If you violate relevant laws and regulations of China or this application service agreement or relevant rules, you shall disclose them to third parties; (e) If you are a qualified intellectual property complaint and have filed a complaint, you shall be submitted. The applicant requests that the information be disclosed to the respondent so that both parties can deal with possible rights disputes; (f) In a transaction created on this application platform, if either party has fulfilled or partially fulfilled its transaction obligations and made a request for information disclosure, the application has the right to decide to provide the user with the contact mode of the other party. Information is needed to facilitate the completion of the transaction or the resolution of disputes. (g) Other disclosures that the application deems appropriate in accordance with laws, regulations or website policies. 4. Information Storage and Exchange The information and data collected by this application will be stored on the server of this application and/or its affiliated company. These information and data may be transmitted to your country, region or overseas where the information and data collected by this application are located and accessed, stored and displayed abroad. 5. Cookie usage (a) If you do not refuse to accept cookies, the application will set or access cookies on your computer so that you can log in or use cookies-dependent application platform services or functions. This application uses cookies to provide you with more thoughtful personalized services, including promotional services. (b) You have the right to accept or reject cookies. You can reject cookies by modifying browser settings. But if you choose to reject cookies, you may not be able to log in or use cookies-dependent native application network services or functions. (c) The relevant information obtained through cookies set up in this application will be applicable to this policy. 6. Information Security (a) This application account has security protection function. Please keep your username and password information properly. This application will ensure that your information is not lost, abused and altered by encrypting user passwords and other security measures. Despite the aforementioned security measures, please also note that there is no "perfect security measures" on the information network. (b) When using this application network service for online transactions, you will inevitably have to change this privacy policy to the counterparty or potential transaction. (a) If you decide to change your privacy policy, we will publish these changes in this policy, on our website and where we think they are appropriate, so that you can understand us. How to collect and use
